This is mine.
The day the suicide note was written
I didn't take any medicine afterwards.
Don't get me wrong
I don't want to be a mother and a child
I just feel like I'm not fit for purpose.
Take a chance
I know the Lus don't want me to have children
I won't hold you responsible.
The child is mine
You just care about the rest.
I'm responsible for the rest.
You go out
I don't want to see you now.
OK
You have a good rest
I'm going to buy breakfast
I found out what happened to the car accident.
Surveillance at the entrance of the young master's villa
It means that the rain burned out last night.
It will take a few days to repair.
But according to the traces at the scene
Someone deliberately killed the young lady
Fix the monitoring ASAP.
Whoever we are
No price is allowed to save people, it's the young master